Add mailto to security email, fix others (#610)
openbao/openbao: builtin/logical/kubernetes/README.md

This is a standalone backend plugin for use with [Hashicorp Vault](https://www.github.com/hashicorp/vault).
This plugin generates Kubernetes Service Accounts.

> **Please note**: We take Vault's security and our users' trust very seriously. If you believe you have found a security issue in Vault, _please responsibly disclose_ by contacting us at [openbao-security@lists.lfedge.org](mailto:openbao-security@lists.lfedge.org).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Please note**: We take OpenBao's security and our users' trust very seriously. If you believe you have found a security issue in OpenBao, _please responsibly disclose_ by contacting us at [openbao-security@lists.lfedge.org](mailto:openbao-security@lists.lfedge.org).
```
